suggest owner DID (#52)
KILTprotocol/spec-ext-credential-api: readme.md

If the attester requires payment to issue this credential, the `quote` MUST be present.
If the attester does not require payment to issue this credential, the `quote` MUST NOT be present.

If the `owner` DID URI is provided and the extension controls this DID, then it SHOULD NOT be changed. 
Legacy attesters provide meaningless values in this field, so if the extension does not control this DID
then the value MUST be changed to the DID the user chooses.

> 

Reviewer: I'm a bit confused by the meaning of 'changed' in this paragraph. In the `submit-terms` message the attester either provides the owner value or does not provide it. When is it supposed to change the value?

Author: I understand your confusion but not sure how to express this more clearly. Maybe like this?

> If the `owner` DID URI is provided and the extension controls this DID, then the value of `owner` in the response SHOULD be the same.
> Legacy attesters provide meaningless values in this field, so if the extension does not control this DID, then the value of `owner` in the response MUST be a DID URI that the extension controls.

The extension MUST only send the request with active consent of the user.
This is the first step where the user’s DID is revealed to the dApp.

> If the `owner` DID URI was provided and the extension controls this DID, then the response SHOULD include the same `owner`. 
> Legacy attesters provide meaningless values in this field, so if the extension does not control this DID,
> then the response MUST include `owner` set to the DID the user chooses.

Reviewer 2: I find this description still rather vague

```suggestion
If the credential proposal contains an `owner` field indicating for which DID the attester is willing to issue a credential,
extensions SHOULD request the user's permission for requesting a credential to be issued to that DID.
Note that legacy attesters provide meaningless values in this field, so if the extension does not control this DID,
extensions MUST ask their users to select a DID for which the credential shall be issued.

Attester application MUST only issue a credential to the DID in contained in the claimer's request.
Attesters MAY choose to reject any request indicating a different DID to be used than the one for which they offered a credential proposal.
```

Author: I’ve expanded your suggestions. How do you like it now?

The extension MUST only send the request with active consent of the user.
This is the first step where the user’s DID is revealed to the dApp.

The previous message in the flow - `'submit-terms'` - contains the `claim` with an optional `owner` field containing a DID URI.
This `owner` value being provided means that the attester is willing to issue the credential for this specific DID.

> Note that legacy attesters provide bogus DIDs in this field, this is likely the case if the extension does not control this DID.

Author: Well, we assume that the attester has a reasonable flow which will not tell the user "I’m making the credential for a DID you’ve never seen before". If they set the owner to a DID, they have likely confirmed that the user/extension controls this DID. The only anticipated exception is the case where the attester started with the legacy SDK which forced providing any DID value in the owner field, and they have been putting e.g. temporary light DID in it ever since.

If so, the extension SHOULD proceed as if `owner` was not provided.

If the `'submit-terms'` message included an unknown DID or none at all as `owner`, the extension MUST ask the user 
to choose the DID for which the credential will be issued. Otherwise, the extension SHOULD NOT offer the choice, 

> but still MUST get user’s consent to use this DID.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
but still MUST get the user’s consent to use this DID.
```
